docs: modernize py dependencies docs and example (#32345)
apache/beam: website/www/site/content/en/documentation/sdks/python-pipeline-dependencies.md

Often, your pipeline code spans multiple files. To run your project remotely, you must group these files as a Python package and specify the package when you run your pipeline. When the remote workers start, they will install your package. To group your files as a Python package and make it available remotely, perform the following steps:

1. Create a [pyproject.toml](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/packaging-projects/) file for your project. The following is a very basic `pyproject.toml` file.

>         [project]

Reviewer: let's add 

```
[build-system]
requires = ["setuptools"]
build-backend = "setuptools.build_meta"
```

        name = "PACKAGE-NAME"
        version = "PACKAGE-VERSION"
        dependencies = [
          # List Python packages your pipeline depends on.
        ]

> 2. If needed by your environment, create a setup.py file for your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If your package requires if some programmatic configuration, or you need to use the `--setup_file` pipeline option, create a setup.py file for your project.
```

>         # Note that the package is completely defined by pyproject.toml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # Note that the package can be completely defined by pyproject.toml.
```

        # This file is optional.
        import setuptools
        setuptools.setup()

3. Structure your project so that the root directory contains the `pyproject.toml`, the `setup.py` file, and a `src/` directory with the rest of the files. For example:

        root_dir/
          pyproject.toml
          setup.py
          src/
            main.py
            my_package/
              my_pipeline_launcher.py
              my_custom_dofns_and_transforms.py
              other_utils_and_helpers.py

    See [Juliaset](https://github.com/apache/beam/tree/master/sdks/python/apache_beam/examples/complete/juliaset) for an example that follows this project structure.

4. Install your package in the submission environment, for example by using the following command:

        pip install -e .

> 5. Run your pipeline with the following command-line option:

Reviewer: If you use a custom container (link to {#custom-containers} ), copy and install the package in the container as well. Otherwise, run your pipeline with the following command-line option:
